that  the least proficient
dramatically  overestimated their own ability
skill  they lack
the  same skills required to recognize their income
actually  true no it isn't
at  the last
the  actual proveditore moehahdheck
into  thousand sixteen
period  surceased and there was a vulpine thousand seventeen if you take the time to look at the list of the
author's  name
but  not exactly the same group
also  based on the same data set and guess what guys
proves  that this whole dunning cruger effects nonsense arose as
a  kind of mirage based on
a  lack of numerous
just  like saying a lack of literacy but with numbers
fundamental  in
interpreting  what the meaning of a number is supposed to be and that comes up when you have this
telling
up  a kind of pleasing visual illusion created a number
so  for
those  numbers are really
so  says an screen her commanded all self i like this is a convention
playing  these types of numbers
and  here's the problem starting with the highlight text
since  the
options
on  interpret
man  from that grass
exemplified  in figure one which
have  led to the current
but  we just by this no answer we just by our
we  just let her know answer in detail in a panic a part one will be addressed the following six
overlooked  aspects of numerous
fundamental  problem
standing  the meanings of numbers equivalent to a lack of literacy like a members is
about  these overlanders of which such interpretations
one  random noise
generate
in  donning cruger type graphs and if you don't believe them guides they published a whole
pyramid  article where they do nothing but take a random noise and put through the same process of
atalantis  noises to produce the same studying mathematical relationship
because  that mathematicians is a mirage an illusion a hoss a fraud whatever
you  want to say
researchers  can easily misinterpret these veterans as meaningful measures of self
roger  dunning type graphs
pure  meaningful from data sets too small to offer reliability
why  minus
and  why
bounded  by zero and one hundred generate
sewing  and flora
the  researches
easily  miss
as  meaningful measures of self assessment agus we don't assume the same here
if  your rating yourself a zero you can't get any lower than zero if you rayel
ten  at a ten or a hundred out of a hundred yet can't get higher than a hundred
and  that will indeed skew the dado or creed seemingly
meaningful  relationship
on  those
for  sorting out affairs by one member of the pair invariably produces the
who  were dunning grafts
and  sorting data by personal rank
all  expressions of preferments as no reference rather than quit teralbay
five  cover deniers cannot
cannot  show the distribution
a  very self assessment gills and a populace
what  is supposed to be studying her right that's what we're supposed to be trying to latona
counting  grass failed to reveal the degree of relation that
self  access competence and demonstrating confidence on a participant by predicament basis guide you
wanted  no more does he washing the video or could angelino read the permeates
he  is so that is the short version of the video it's all over in about five minutes if you want to
the  long version that over twenty minutes
more  the evidence the article so we know we know and some of the slightly full oft invocations
click  on the line below the video go over there to i guess what's now my main channel are
active  research and for the opinion
going  to share the last his video not to make your own judgment call the person sharing
with  did they just want the bad news and five minutes or they someone who really wants to sit down and listen the more
than  twenty minutes a meat quoting and discussing these